Update file header and add NOTICE file (#332)
NOAA-CSL/MELODIES-MONET: README.md

## Documentation

Built and hosted by Read the Docs: <https://melodies-monet.readthedocs.io>

> # Disclaimer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disclaimer
```

> The United States Department of Commerce (DOC) GitHub project code is provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This United States Department of Commerce (DOC) GitHub project code is provided
```
I know it was pulled from GDFL, but this makes more sense to me.

Author: Looks like this is very official language, so let's leave it as is: https://github.com/CommerceGov/Policies-and-Guidance/blob/master/GithubGuidanceforDepartmentofCommerce.md. But we can update the quotes since we are trying to be consistent with quotes across the repository.

> on an 'as is' basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. DOC has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on an "as is" basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. DOC has
```
